Real quick note, if you skipped over the entire React application, chances are you downloaded the
completed code from the last lecture.
If you did so, make sure you read the text note inside that lecture.
But you need to make sure that you overwrite your entire current project with all the code from that
zip file.
We made two small changes, really, one small change and two locations to the post service and the
comment service.
You need to make sure that you get those updates after you update those files, make sure you rerun
NPM install in the post and directories.
Okay.
So let's get back to it.
In the last video, we finished up with the React application and we saw that while we were able to
see all of our different posts and comments associated with them, there was a downside here.
And that downside is that for every single post we load up, we are making one request to our common
service to get all the comments associated with that post.
So in my case, I've got three posts right here and I ended up having to make three separate requests
to our common service to get the comments for each one.
So in other words, we're in this kind of scenario right now.
We are making a get request to some post end point that's giving us back in array more or less of posts.
And then for every one of those, we have to make a follow up request.
This is incredibly, incredibly inefficient.
So I think they would really be worth our time to figure out how to maybe condense all this stuff down
to just one request.
I want to be able to make one request, one singular request, and get all of our posts and all the
associated comments for those posts as well.
That's what I want to try to do.
Now, if we were trying to do this in a sort of monolith architecture, this would be really easy and
straightforward to do so.
If we were building a monolith right now, we could maybe say that if we ever make a get request to
slash posts and add on a query string that says something like comments equals true, maybe that would
be some sign to our monolith server that we want to get a list of our posts with all of the relevant
comments embedded in those posts as well.
Just be super straightforward, super easy with a monolith approach.
But of course, we're not using a monolith.
How are we going to solve this with what we have available?
How are we going to serve this with microservices?
Right now, we only have the ability to make a request to either the post service or the comment service.
So we need to figure out some way of solving this problem.
Well to solve this.
It really goes back to something we discussed a little bit ago, the different styles of communication
between services.
So we're going to take a look at two possible solutions here and the pros and cons of both.
These solutions are going to be very similar to those methods of async and sync communication that we
discussed a little bit ago.
So first, begin with the solution based on synchronous communication.
With this type of solution, we might say that we are going to continue to make a get request to our
post service and then maybe to make sure that we get all the relevant comments embedded.
We could add some code to our post service to reach out automatically to our common service and say,
Hey, give me all the comments you have associated with these post IDs.
The comment service would then reply with all the relevant comments.
Then the post service would take those comments, assemble them all together with the relevant posts,
and then send the entire bundle back over to the browser.
So again, this is one possible solution that relies upon synchronous communication.
The downsides to this approach are identical to the downsides that we discussed earlier when we are
first talking about synchronous communication.
So while this approach is conceptually pretty darn easy to understand, well, there's a lot of downsides
to this approach as well.
The first off, it introduces a dependency between these services.
This is another thing we have to track and understand inside of our application.
If we ever have the comet service go down for any reason.
So if this thing just mysteriously disappears, all of a sudden our post service is probably not going
to work correctly either.
If that request from the post service over to the Common Service fails, then the overall request is
going to fail as well.
So we will show neither posts nor comments.
We also are introducing another kind of round trip request here between one service and another.
So if for any reason that request is slow, then the overall request coming from the browser is going
to be delayed or the response is going to be delayed as well.
And once again, we discussed this back on the synchronous communication stuff.
Right now, our application just consists of two separate services.
But if we started to add in a bunch more services and for some reason fetching comments from the Common
Service required some calls to other services, we're going to start to build up this tree or really
a web of different requests, which really exaggerates all these earlier problems as well.
So even though this is conceptually easy for you and I, it is perhaps not the best solution from an
engineering standpoint.
Now that we have taken a look at the synchronous communication approach, let's pause right here and
then take a look at a second possible solution that we could use.